the LA Galaxy shines on Philippine
ground the team shows why they are major
league soccer champions by defeating two
assholes six one in front of a loud
spirited crowd on the 20th minute David
Beckham treats the fans to his famous
ball been to pull the galaxy up 1-0
the visitors follow up with a goal in
the 38th minute thanks to Mike Magee
thin-film husband ignites hope and a
40th minute by a left-footed strike to
make the score 2-1 at halftime so this
was a game against James my childhood
hero the first 45 minutes show a strong
offense from Daskal that give the LA
Galaxy trouble we have several shots and
goal but are unable to finish from the
second half LA Galaxy scores four more
goals including two in the final 10
minutes the coaches of both teams
praised ask us for a stellar first half
but pointed out the breakdown of defense
in the second half we have to see the
positive they could take away the
the things that happen in the first half
this is the way I want to see the people
shop impressive concentrated alert as
for the players the LA Galaxy says
compared to their Indonesian
counterparts the assholes gave them a
tougher challenge in the first half of
the game I think the I think the players
were a little more talented today I
thought in the first half the way they
played was more organized and they
threatened us more than in Tunisia today
players Chiefy kulluk dong and the
younger young husband say the game is a
dream come true for them for the LA
Galaxy players the time spent in the
Philippines has been fantastic and they
would love to return I think you just
want to say thank you for the
hospitality here of the fantastic
for all of us at ago
on behalf of the galaxy I want to thank
everyone because it's been a great trip
fun game tonight the AZ cos take away
lessons from the historic game they must
stay focused work on their fitness and
keep a solid defense all throughout we
hope to work on these for the Challenge
Cup in March next year the dream Cup is
a sign of progress in Philippine
football and growing awareness about the
sport among Filipinos Natasha Gutierrez
reporting from Manila